well this is a quick view to huawei
'Síndic' 300 is a range phone
low average but at a very low price
accessible here in Mexico by the moment
it's only available and it's that way
movistar but fortunately here
There is a new norm in Mexico
allows the change of company's
that we will note that the pieces
the 'guaje' 60 and 300 that is for a
very accessible amount of 1900 minutes to
1800 depending on the company by
example has one its screen so it
this equipment the 4 inch screen
correia android 4.1 living has a
dual core processor that runs a
trip is a 5 megapixel camera with
flash 3 that's the horn
a quick view of the equipment
charger or the lumen the key to
open it up voting is the general aspect of
huawei
we're going to open it, the rest is the interface
from android 4
have this menu can be modified
fortunately we open
what you have to say that exists and
Huawei unlike everyone else
that does not have a menu button
on the menu button or techniques and the
interface life in this sense of it
as an iphone to legitimate it is that
next allowed no button less
simply to the set of folders by
example are always an explanation
then a moment to put on sale
will mark the system can not
delete or an application for example
this what is it then eliminates it
directly so you have to have
careful in that sense one thing is a
decreased aggressively that its doubled in dvd
one giga hertz too day
what surprises me a lot about this team
more simply because company a letter
also told them is that the screen
word and second generation letters is
what surprised me
dimas per company make up a lot of
with the chamber d
a camera front the camera as I am
recording a table does not look good I'll say
that I'm recording tablet but it's not
influenced the excellent camera
here we change
how
unless it runs pretty well that
lets run shandong with a game
for high- end range phones
medium-high they are receiving in the
5000 this phone to the truth is very
demanding and desisted because you're in
half of the half and it runs exactly
like all of yunnan elbow an application
that you simply go down
that allows you to do what some for
example the samsung galaxy s 3000 allows
You do commented that lets you see
videos in other instances
will allow you libido and be able to do
other things and video I was stunned and
like other things
I like it
comment
Japanese you can move this action
is what the watán allows in what
allows the past dual-core
a team pretty good for free
company is the most surprising the team
in another video are a review going well and
how it should be simply by three
they say to see that at the moment of
making your purchase is rather good
buy this equipment
a very complete and excellent king so that
any color column we can
make 10